feat(distributor): add experimental `memberlist` kvStore for ha_tracker (#10054)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [FEATURE] PromQL: Add experimental `info` function. Experimental functions are disabled by default, but can be enabled setting `-querier.promql-experimental-functions-enabled=true` in the query-frontend and querier. #9879
* [FEATURE] Distributor: Support promotion of OTel resource attributes to labels. #8271
* [FEATURE] Querier: Add experimental `double_exponential_smoothing` PromQL function. Experimental functions are disabled by default, but can be enabled by setting `-querier.promql-experimental-functions-enabled=true` in the query-frontend and querier. #9844

> * [FEATURE] Distributor: Add experimental `memberlist` kvStore for ha_tracker. Memberlist parameters can be changed through `-memberlist-*` flags

Reviewer: can you also add this in the `about-versioning.md` doc? It's where we list all experimental features. You can also explain briefly why it is considered experimental.

also for this entry: can you add the PR number and also mention the full config option by which they can use memberlist for the HA tracker.

Author: Thanks a lot @dimitarvdimitrov  for the suggestion. I have applied it [55d6ab3](https://github.com/grafana/mimir/pull/10054/commits/55d6ab371eb5c123f57b5a8f06cfad2b82065034).

> * [FEATURE] Distributor: Add experimental `memberlist` KV store for ha_tracker. It can be enabled using the `-distributor.ha-tracker.kvstore.store` flag. Memberlist parameters can be configured via the `-memberlist-*` flags. #10054

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [FEATURE] Distributor: Add experimental `memberlist` KV store for ha_tracker. You can enable it using the `-distributor.ha-tracker.kvstore.store` flag. You can configure Memberlist parameters via the `-memberlist-*` flags. #10054
```

Reviewer 2: We can use active voice to address the user directly.

Author: Thank you . Addressed at [94e86e8](https://github.com/grafana/mimir/pull/10054/commits/94e86e86730024d4fbf3fab2c8d47f15cd470bfc)
